Add description for password protection of RelationshipTemplates and Tokens (#287)
nmshd/documentation: _docs_use-cases/use-case-transport-create-token-for-own-relationshiptemplate.md

## On Failure

- `templateId` does not resolve to a RelationshipTemplate.
- The RelationshipTemplate is owned by another Identity, which means that the value of its `isOwn` property is `false`.
- `expiresAt` lies in the past.

> - The RelationshipTemplate is personalized via its `forIdentity` property and the Token has not the same personalization via its `forIdentity` property.
> - The RelationshipTemplate is password protected via its `passwordProtection` property and the Token has not the same password protection via its `passwordProtection` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The RelationshipTemplate is personalized via its `forIdentity` property and the Token does not have the same personalization via its `forIdentity` property.
- The RelationshipTemplate is password protected via its `passwordProtection` property and the Token does not have the same password protection via its `passwordProtection` property.
```

Same in other places.
